# web-foundations
This repository is made to manage code for the Web Foundations group project.
Your goal is to develop a website as a team.   You need to come up with some team guidelines so I strongly recommend you develop a team contract.  This contract could (but is not limited to) how often you ‘meet,’ responsibilities, expectations for meeting deadlines, repercussions if work is not satisfactory or not done, or other things you feel you may need to spell out, to avoid any challenges down the road.The goal is to develop a minimum 6 page website.  This means each team member hasresponsibility for one page, and the remaining pages are a team effort.   The topic?  Well, ideally I would say ‘run with it’ and give you complete freedom to generate a 6 page website.   Realistically, I say that and people struggle to come up with a creative idea.  So, food for thought:Travel. Go somewhere new and take us with you.oGo to google/duckduckgo and type in “Nova Scotia cool places to visit”oPick 4 placesoMake a page about each placeMaybe have a map of where it isMaybe have directions to get there from whereverMaybe have pictures of what is thereMaybe have pictures of food famous from that areaoIndex page with province informationoFinal page of cool facts?Halifax explosionTitanic gravesBlueberry capital of the worldHighest tides in worldSidney CrosbyBrad MarchandSable Island poniesHome of the (hockey) slapshot(running out of cool stuff!)YOUR travels as a teamoSee above ideasA tribute to a favourite tv show.  Seinfeld?  GoT?  A great American road tripAmazing American foods(running out of cool ideas here, too!)This is a step-by-step process.  Feel free at EACH step to verify you are on the right track, or that you’re meeting baseline expectations as per the table below
